Updating the documentation for NUnit 4, a start..... (#799)
nunit/docs: docs/articles/nunit/Towards-NUnit4.md

## Classic/Legacy asserts

> The classic/legacy asserts, like `Assert.AreEqual`, have now been moved into its own project, and will later be released as a separate package.  They are now in the namespace `NUnit.Framework.Legacy`, and the `Assert` have been renamed to `ClassicAssert`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The classic/legacy asserts, like `Assert.AreEqual`, have now been moved into their own project, and will later be released as a separate package.  They are now in the namespace `NUnit.Framework.Legacy`, and the `Assert` class has been renamed to `ClassicAssert`.
```

    <packageSources>
        <clear/>
        <add key="nuget" value="https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json" />

>         <add key="Github" value="https://nuget.pkg.github.com/nunit/index.json" />

Reviewer: ❓ I receive a password prompt when visiting this GitHub packages URL. Do users need a valid GitHub login in order to access this feed? If so, we should probably mention that.

Reviewer 2: Thanks @SeanKilleen for mentioning this. When `MyGet` was done we tried [`Github`](https://github.com/nunit/nunit/pull/4443). It worked for me, but if it is not publicly available for non-github accounts I see not much point in pursuing this further.

Reviewer: Apparently we can indeed create public packages. Just need to allow it and then confirm we're doing so. 👍
